---
layout: narrow
sidebarimagepath: /images/calendar_side.png
title: Calendar of Events
---

<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Wednesday May 6, 2015:</span> Charing House Gardens presentation &#8217;Dancing Dahlias&#8217; at the Carleton Place Horticultural Society meeting in Carleton Place, Ontario. The meeting is at St. Andrew&#8217;s Presbyterian Church at 7 pm. A limited number of dahlia tubers will be for sale at the meeting.

<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday May 10, 2015 (Mother&#8217;s Day): </span>Charing House Gardens will be at the Rare and Unusual Plant Sale, at the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa, 9 am to 2 pm. For sale will be a favourite perennial &#8216;Crambe Cordifolia&#8217;. This year there will be a few varieties of dahlia tubers for purchase.  We are available to answer questions of any kind regarding dahlias or other gardening tips. 

<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday May 12, 2015:</span> Charing House Gardens presentation  &#8216;Dancing Dahlias&#8217; at the <strong>Perth Horticultural Society</strong> meeting in Perth Ontario. The meeting is at St. Paul&#8217;s hall, 25 Gore Street West (on the corner of Gore and D&#8217;Arcy) at 7:30 pm. A limited number of dahlia tubers will be for sale at the meeting.

<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Thursday September 19, 2014</span>:</span> Dahlias have been hit by heavy frost. It is sad to have this happen so early this year. The Flower Cart is closed for the season.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Friday August 22, 2014:</span> The Flower Cart is back!  It will be set up every Friday (except September 19 and 20) and most Saturdays in my driveway from now until frost. Generous bouquets of dahlias and/or other blooms are all $10, and can be chosen from the self serve display in my driveway (32 Charing Road, Craig Henry, Nepean).  A money box is located on the end of the cart to leave your payment. Usually everything is set up by noon. Phone 613-226-8112 to reserve a bouquet on other days, or request specific colours, or if you have questions.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000; text-decoration: underline;">July 19, 2014:</span> <span style="color: #000000;">Charing House Gardens presentation at the</span> <span style="color: #000000;">Ontario Provincial Horticultural Conference in Cornwall, Ontario. What an honor to be invited to speak on Dancing Dahlias!</span></span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday May 11, 2014 (Mother&#8217;s Day):</span> Charing House Gardens will be at the Rare and Unusual Plant Sale, at the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa, 9 am to 1 pm. For sale will be some favourite perennials including Crambe Cordifolia. This year there will be some dahlia tubers for sale.  We are available to answer questions of any kind regarding dahlias or other gardening tips.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Friday September 6, 2013</span>: At last the Flower Cart is available for  purchasing $10 bouquets. The dahlias are very late this year, probably due to the hot weather, which sent the plants into shock a few times. The Flower Cart will be set up regularly on Thursdays, Fridays, and most Saturdays from now until the end of the growing season, with the exception of September 19, 20, and 21. Generous bouquets are all $10, and can be chosen from the self serve display in my driveway (32 Charing Road, Craig Henry, Nepean).  A money box is located on the end of the cart to leave your payment. Usually everything is set up by noon. Phone 613-226-8112 to reserve a bouquet on other days, or request specific colours, or if you have questions.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday, May 12, 2013 (Mother&#8217;s Day):</span> Charing House Gardens will be at the Rare and Unusual Plant Sale, at the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa, 9 am to 1 pm. For sale will be some favourite perennials including Crambe Cordifolia and Becky Daisies. This year there will be some dahlia tubers for sale.  We are available to answer questions of any kind regarding dahlias or other gardening tips. Bring a canned food item for the Food Bank.</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday, May 7, 2013:</span> Presentation to the Kanata March Horticultural Society, 7:00pm. Tubers will be available for purchase at this presentation.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Thursday, April 18, 2013: </span>Presentation to the Madawaska Valley Horticultural Soceity, 7:30pm. Tubers will be available for purchase at this presentation.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Thursday August 30, 2012:</span>  The Flower Cart will be set up regularly on Thursdays, Fridays, and most Saturdays from now until the end of the growing season, with the exception of September 13, 14, and 15. Generous bouquets are all $10, and can be chosen from the self serve display in my driveway (32 Charing Road, Craig Henry, Nepean).  A money box is located on the end of the cart to leave your payment. Usually everything is set up by noon. Phone 613-226-8112 to reserve a bouquet on other days, or request specific colours, or if you have questions.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">The best way to get your bouquet home is in the beverage holder of your car. You are welcome to borrow the vase the flowers are in, or an empty cup from the cart. (Don&#8217;t forget to add a little water to the cup.) Any donations of old vases you no longer want are appreciated. Vases can be returned or left the next time you visit the Cart.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">The extreme heat has delayed the flowers this year, but there are plenty of buds, and hopefully we will enjoy lots of blooms now that the days are a little cooler. When you stop by the Flower Cart, you are welcome to take a minute to see the dahlia patch. Just follow the path behind the garage to the back hedge. The dahlias are on the other side. The perennial hibiscus are putting on quite a show right now.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday May  13, (Mother&#8217;s Day) 2012:</span> Charing House Gardens will be at the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Rare and Unusual Plant Sale</span>, at the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa, 9 am to 1 pm. For sale will be some favourite perennials including Crambe Cordifolia and Beckky Daisies. This year there not be dahlia tubers for sale as we are totally sold out!  However we are available to answer questions of any kind regarding dahlias or other gardening tips. Bring a canned food item for the Food Bank.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Monday April 16, 2012:</span> Presentation to the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Manotick Horticultural Society</span>, 7:30, in the Main Hall, RCMP Long Island Campground.</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday April 10, 2012:</span> Presentation to the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Cornwall Horticultural Society.</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Monday March 26 2012:</span> Presentation to the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Almonte and District Horticultural Society</span>,  7:30, at Cornerstone Community Church, 1728 Concession II.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday March 3, 2012:</span>  Charing House Gardens sells dahlia tubers at the very popular <span style="text-decoration: underline;">&#8216;Seedy  Saturday  Ottawa&#8217;</span> sale, Ron Kolbus Lakeside Centre, Britannia Beach,  102 Greenview ave (10 am to 3 pm). Seedy Saturday is primarily a seed sale and exchange, however all businesses and associations of an organic, horticultural or ecological nature have a place. Proceeds for the day will go to Seeds of Diversity Canada.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday February 14 2012:</span> Presentation to the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">West Carleton Garden Club</span>, 7:30, in the Carp Memorial Hall.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Friday August 26 2011:</span>  The Flower Cart is up and running every Friday and most Saturdays from now until frost. Generous bouquest are all $10, and can be chosen from the self serve  display in my driveway (32 Charing Road, Craig Henry).  A money box is located on the end of the cart to leave your payment. Usually everything is set up by noon. Phone 613-226-8112 to reserve a bouquet or request specific colours, or if you have questions.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">The best way to get your bouquet home is in the beverage holder of your car. You are welcome to borrow the vase the flowers are in, or an empty cup from the cart. (Don&#8217;t forget to add a little water to the cup.) Any donations of old vases you no longer want are appreciated.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">The extreme heat has delayed the flowers this year, but there are plenty of buds, and hopefully we will enjoy lots of blooms now that the days are a little cooler. When you stop by the Flower Cart, you are welcome to take a minute to see the dahlia patch. Just follow the path behind the garage to the back hedge. The dahlias are on the other side. The perennial hibiscus are putting on quite a show right now.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday June 21,  2011</span>: Presentation to the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ottawa Horticultural Society</span>, 7:30 pm. at the Tom Brown Arena. </span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday June 4 2011:</span> Charing House sells tubers at the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Little Italy Market</span> on Preston Street. This will be the final sale of the season, although a few tubers will still be available for those who call or email.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday May 28 2011: </span>Charing House sells tubers at the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Great Glebe Garage Sale.</span> Look for the white canopy at 41 Glendale Ave, south of Chamberlain Ave, east of Percy St, north of Renfrew Ave. All bloom sizes will be available, including the dinnerplate extra large types. About 30 varieties in all will be at the sale. Set up and ready for sales by 7 am.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday May 21 2011:</span> Charing House sells tubers at the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">St. John&#8217;s Presbyterian Church Garage</span> <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sale</span>  Middle Road, Kingston, Ontario.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday May 14 2011:</span> Charing House sells tubers at the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Little Italy Market</span> on Preston Street.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday May 8, (Mother&#8217;s Day) 2011:</span> Charing House Gardens sells tubers at the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Rare and Unusual Plant Sale</span></span>, at the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa, 9 am to 1 pm. Located at the parking lot beside the Tropical Greenhouse on Maple Drive at the Central Experimental Farm.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Thursday April 21, 2011:</span> Presentation and tuber sale to the  <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Rockcliffe Park Garden Club</span>, 380 Springfield Road.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday March 5, 2011:  </span>Charing House Gardens sells dahlia tubers at the very popular <span style="text-decoration: underline;">&#8216;Seedy Saturday</span> <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ottawa&#8217;</span> sale, Ron Kolbus Lakeside Centre, Britannia Beach,  102 Greenview ave (10 am to 3 pm). Seedy Saturday is primarily a seed sale and exchange, however all businesses and associations of an organic, horticultural or ecological nature have a place. Proceeds for the day will go to Seeds of Diversity Canada.</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="color: #000000; text-decoration: underline;">Thursday morning (9:15 am) February 24, 2011</span></span><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">:</span> Presentation at <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Bells Corners United Church</span>. All are welcome! Refreshments served. $2 admission.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000;"> </span></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">August 20  2010 until First Frost:</span> The Flower Cart will be available Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays at 32 Charing Road, Craig Henry, Nepean. All bouquets are $10, and the Cart is designed as self serve. Leave your money in the locked box, and choose any bouquet. Ring the doorbell or leave a note if you need change, or have questions. The Cart will be set up by 3 pm at the latest. Phone 613-226-8112 to reserve a bouquet for <span style="text-decoration: underline;">any day</span> of the week. </span></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday May 16, 2010:</span> </span></span><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="color: #000000;">Tubers are avail</span></span><span style="color: #000000;">able for sale at the Ottawa Farmers Market, 8 am til 3 pm.</span></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday May 9, 2010:</span> Charing House Gardens demonstrates the planting and growing of dahlia tubers on opening day of the Ottawa Farmers Market, at 1:30 at the demonstration stage. The Market is open from 8 am til 3 pm, and tubers can be purchased throughout the day. The Market is held at Lansdowne Park, Bank Street, in Ottawa, north of the Cattle Castle. </span></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday May 9, 2010:</span> </span></span><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000;">Charing House Gardens sells tubers at the Rare and Unusual Plant Sale, at the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa, 9 am to 12 noon.</span></span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday April 20, 2010</span>: Presentation to the Stittsville Goulbourn Horticultural Society.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Monday April 19, 2010</span>: Presentation to the Gloucester Horticultural Society.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Thursday evening April 15, 2010</span>: Presentation to the Nepean Horticultural Society.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Thursday afternoon April 15, 2010</span>: Presentation to the Ottawa Garden Club (Rockcliffe Park).</p>
<p><span style="color: #ff0000;"><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday April 10, 2010:</span> Charing House Gardens has a table for tuber sales at the Ontario Horticultural Society&#8217;s Annual Meeting, held in 2010 in Kemptville Ontario.</span></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Sunday March 14, 2010:</span> Charing House Gardens sells dahlia tubers at  the  &#8216;J&#8217;aime le Bio-équi-table&#8217; (Day of Seed Gatineau) sale, Gatineau City Hall at 25 Laurier St., Gatineau (10 am to 5 pm). There are lots of interesting lectures to take in, all in French. More information at   <a href="http://">bioequitable.ca</a></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday March 9, 2010</span>: Presentation to the Champlain Garden Club.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday March 6, 2010</span>:  Charing House Gardens sells dahlia tubers at Seedy Saturday Ottawa sale, Ron Kolbus Lakeside Centre, Britannia Park  (10 am to 3 pm).</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday November 10, 2009</span>: Presentation &#8216;Growing Dahlias in Ottawa&#8217; to the Old Ottawa South Garden Club.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Friday September 11, 2009</span>: Dahlia Tea at Charing House Gardens. Walk through the gardens to see the dahlias. Enjoy a cup of tea as florist Sue Courtney demonstrates simple dahlia arrangements.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tuesday September 8, 2009</span>: Presentation to the UCW at Christ United Church in Lyn Ontario.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Saturday August 29, 2009</span>: The Quebec Dahlia Society visits the gardens. This bus load of dahlia fans is from the Montreal area.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Monday, March 16, 2009</span>: Presentation to the Russell Horticultural Society.</p>
